hi everyone Anthony Fantino here the
Internet's busiest music nerd and it's
time for me to now that it is the end of
January in the beginning of February
list out all the album's I loved from
this past month so favorite records this
past month January has actually been
pretty fruitful 2014 has been a very
interesting year so far interesting
musical year and we're just getting
started one the new Shu Shu LP Nina Nina
Simone covers album great LP in my
opinion very strange out there I know it
dropped at the tail end of 2013 and it
is not officially a 2014 album but it is
a great LP like I said in my opinion and
I do think it is worth mentioning in
this video very strange Avant totally
weirdo versions of some very interesting
Nina Simone songs that she had either
win or popularized via performance
throughout her career next the new
actress album ghetto Ville UK electronic
music producer actress comes together
with some very interesting productions
on this LP that experiment with elements
of house and techno and ambient music
and there are so many tracks on this LP
that to me sort of veer outside of genre
a little bit into something that's very
mechanic strange and very textured God
is this LP textured to me this album
like I said in the review is a lot like
a very personal and intimate sketchpad
of actresses while it isn't very refined
and overall as an album it doesn't feel
like a cohesive piece with an
overarching theme it is a very
interesting group of tracks that's a
pretty adventurous and bold next the new
have a nice life record the unnatural
world this experimental noise rock
post-punk shoegaze outfit comes through
with a follow-up to the very celebrated
2008 album death consciousness this is
an incredibly dissonant noisy heavy
heavy album very just matte
vast huge sounds on this record and very
very dismal and depressing as well next
the new Indian LP from all purity if you
love your sludge metal noisy really
noisy harsh abrasive with some nasty
disgusting vocals on top of all of it do
give this thing a listen this is really
one of the most bleak sludge metal
records I've heard in a while also the
new self-titled murmur LP these guys mix
elements of black metal with with
progressive rock it just has this really
raw live-in-the-moment sound it has some
really long epic tracks toward the
beginning which does make it feel a
little front ended but I do think that
the playing on this record is great a
lot of the riffs are fantastic these
guys have some great interplay and it's
gonna be exciting to hear these guys
maybe up the recording quality a little
bit in the future and consistently write
songs that are as epic as the first
three on here for the length of an
entire album and finally what is easily
my favorite LP of this entire month the
new silver Mount Zion Memorial Orchestra
record fuck off get three weep or light
on everything these guys are a very
well-known post rock experimental rock
and now on this LP psychedelic rock
outfit however this is not your typical
psych music I mean there's tons of
strings on these tracks the songs on
here so heavy booming riffs very
passionate vocals that deal a lot in the
death of kids it's it's a really sad LP
at a lot of points a really intense
album as well and I think the zenith's
so far of this more driving rock sound
in silver mountains ions music those are
my favorite records from this past month
here is a list of my favorite songs
you can find links to listen to those
tracks down below in the description box
a lot of fantastic songs in that list
love those songs and that's pretty much
it for this video transition what
records did you like from this past
month which songs which LPS did you
absolutely love and go head over heels
for tell me just tell me look into my
eyes and tell me anthony Fantana music
favorite records January forever